They've been [bickering] all day.

You need to be very comfortable 
 hearing the contraction because
 it affects the grammar of the sentence.

 To bicker
 - To argue about things that are not imporant.

Like I said, [].

We didn't get anything done because we bickered all meeting.


That street's pretty sketchy!
<To be sketchy> is used to say that something is not completely safe.
I'm saying that street doesn't look sompletely safe.
I don't think that street is safe.
If I say this, it's most likely because it's dark or lacks lighting.

Let's take another street.
This one looks sketchy.

That sounds pretty sketchy!


If you paraphrase someone or paraphrase something that they have said or written, 
you express what they have said or written in a different way.

A nuance is a small difference in sound, feeling, appearance, or meaning.


You must've   seen it.
    /mus-ta/  /see-nit/

If you say those two words together, it <blends> together.


That's out of  our budget.
       ------  ---
       /outta/ /r/

To be out of one's budget
- Too expensive.
- The cost exceeds what you're wiiling/able to afford.

Money's no object.
- The cost of something is not a concern of limitation.

Can you recommend somewhere special for my husband's birthday?
And money's no object.


Use the PREP Approach.
Point:
Reason:
Evidence:
Point:

---
>> Why you can't speak English?

1. English is a complex language.
In linguistics, homophones are words with different meanings 
which are pronounced in the same way but are spelled differently.

 I ate eight eggs for breakfast in the morning.

English grammar is so complicated.
The most important thing is connection 
You want to be able to talk to this person.

2. You feel too afraid to speak English.
3. Pronunciation in English is hard.
4. It's hard to understand cultural references.


>> How I would learn English (if I could start over)
1. Start with more specific vocabulary

When are you going to be using all of this new vocabulary?
It should be extremely relevant to your life.
I know that it's not that important to learn all the different 
animals in English.
Because it's just not a part of my life.
So if I was a beginner this is what I would do.
I would try to analyze my life.
What do I usually do every day?
Who do I usually spend my time with?
I will start creating simple sentences about my life.
There is not such a thing as too advanced or not too advanced.
I should learn how to describe what I'm feeling and how I'm feeling.

2. Speak from the very beginning
You should focus on the speaking from the very beginning, from the get-go.
If something happens or is true form the get-go, it happens or is true from
the beginning of a process or activity.

3. Don't buy a ton of grammar books.
Usually at the very beginning grammar is quite taunting.
 If someone taunts you, they say unkind or insulting things to you.

4. Choose the accent and focus on it
5. Learn informal English and slang
6. Shadow people
7. Read out loud

At the end of the day if this is something that you actually need and this is
something that native speakers regularly use, 
if you consume content in this language you will come across this word time and time again.













